I'm gonna try it hope I don't die what
is up guys karma medic here and welcome
back to another dose I'm about to go on
a ski trip today is Wednesday the 3rd of
April and it is time for this ski trip
there's about 10 of us going on we're
doing a mixture of flying and driving to
get there so everything is packed and
ready and I will see you on the journey
[Music]
alright guys it's kind of 3:30 in the
morning we have been stuck on this
uphill mountain for about two hours now
the right snow chain is broken and we
are absolutely stranded
[Music]
we've just done a makeshift change to
our right snow chain and we're gonna try
and see if it works
we have arrived 4:20 a.m. we aren't
stuck yet again in this piece of yeah
we're about to bust through this barrier
and attempt to go up there we were
supposed to arrive 1:00 in the morning
it's now 5:00
[Music]
I have just been searching this whole
area around me and waist-high powder
GoPro that I lost when I fell I was all
down there came up and down about four
or five times if I sub lucky miracle we
found it
[Music]
as you guys can see I'm back from the
skiing and snowboarding holiday and my
nose has gotten pretty pretty burnt
anyways I just wanted to take a second
to talk about mental health and taking
breaks while at medical school and
university so back in my previous degree
at the University of Toronto I really
pushed myself into this mental state
where my whole life revolved around my
academics and my studying and it really
didn't do any favors for my mental
health especially the first two years a
university I was really overwhelmed and
all I could focus on was my studies and
so now that I'm a medical school that
I'm doing a second degree and I
basically have a chance to do this all
over again I'm taking every opportunity
that I can to have some fun
spend time with my friends to go and
travel gain new experiences and just see
the world and do different things for
example now for this holiday I took it
during time that we had other classes
and other things scheduled but I figured
that if I could move a couple of
different sessions around and I could do
them either before or after this holiday
then everything would work out on top of
that I just worked really hard before
the holiday and now I'm gonna work
really hard after the whole day to make
up for all of the missed work that
occurred so with some good time
management and pushing things around I
managed to go on this five-day holiday
with my friends from high school and
just had an amazing amazing time and a
much needed break from University on
medical school and even though at the
beginning I was stressed out that it
wouldn't work out or I'd fall really far
behind or something like that everything
is fine you know I did work before I'm
gonna do work after and everything is
gonna end up in the right place at the
end of the day so yeah I just wanted to
take a second to encourage you guys to
take breaks to do things that you enjoy
outside of medical school outside of
high school and studies you know step
out of your comfort zone do things that
are different and new for you and you're
gonna learn a lot through those
experiences and you'll also enjoy
yourself and have an easier time when it
comes to studying anyways guys that's
all I had to say just want to say a
short piece about this it's been karma
medic and I'll see you in the next video
peace